to summarize what we've been saying
about these different trumpets we in
earlier sessions have given some solid
evidence to the effect that the rapture
the church and the second coming of
Christ after the Tribulation Period will
be separated by a seven-year span of
time that evidence would rule out the
trumpet at the rapture being the same as
the trumpet at the second coming of
Christ after the Tribulation Period in
addition we noted that the expression
the last trumpet tied in with the
rapture of the church does not mean the
absolute last trumpet in a sequence of
trumpets after which there would be no
more and so therefore you don't have to
conclude that it will be the trumpet
that sounded the second coming of Christ
and as we noted earlier there will be
other trumpet sounded throughout the
millennium in observance of the Feast of
Tabernacles even after that of the
second coming of Christ but then what
about that trumpet at the second coming
of Christ if you were with us in some of
earlier sessions we noted that that
trumpet is sounded as Christ sends forth
his angels to gather together his elect
from the four winds of heaven and that
trumpet literally we're told it's the
the the sound of a great trumpet in that
earlier session we noted that the elect
there in Matthew 24 based on Old
Testament passages are Jews and we also
saw in Isaiah 27 verses 12 and 13 that
God promised that in the future he would
regather scattered Jews from nations
around the world in conjunction with the
sounding of a great trumpet and so
therefore the trumpet that sounded the
rapture is a trumpet for the church it's
involving the rapture of the church but
the sound of a great trumpet at the
second coming of Christ in Matthew 24
verses 1331 is a sounding of a trumpet
for Israel and the signal for the angels
of Christ to regather the scattered Jews
back to their homeland